== Usage ==
{{Npcbox
|doc=
| name = Georgio the Destroyer
| image = Mika1.png
| titles = Destroyer of Worlds<br>Servant of Cthulhu
| level = 50
| type = Elite
| race = Human
| creature = Humanoid
| affiliation = [[Zenith City]]
| gender = Male
| occupation = World destroyer
| foccupation = Chambermaid
| location = [[Zenith City]]
| status = Alive
| relatives = [[Mika]]
| mentors = [[Mika]]
| students = [[Mika]]
| companions = [[Mika]]
}}

<pre>{{Npcbox
|name = 
|image = 
|title = 
|level = 
|type = 
|race = 
|creature = 
|affiliation = 
|gender = 
|occupation = 
|foccupation = 
|location = 
|status = 
|relatives = 
|mentors = 
|students = 
|companions = 
}}</pre>
; name : The name of the NPC. Defaults to <nowiki>{{PAGENAME}}</nowiki>.
; image : The filename of an image to include (Image will be scaled down to 200px width or 300px height, whichever is greater).
; title : The title of the NPC that appears in brackets below the name, e.g. &lt;Destroyer of Worlds&gt;
; gender : The sex of the NPC. Specify "Male" or "Female". Default not shown. 
; race : The race of the NPC. Braces automatically included (braces not necessary).
; creature : In game classification. (e.g. Humanoid, Beast, etc).
; level : The level of the NPC.
; type : Specify "Elite" if the NPC is [[Elite]], or "Boss" if the NPC is a [[Boss]] (city or instance). Defaults to Normal which is not shown.
; affiliation: The affiliations of the character, if they have more than one.
; faffiliation: The affiliations this character used to be part of.
; location : The specific subzone or coordinates of the NPC. Braces necessary
; occupation: the character's role and/or position
; foccupation: the character's former role and/or position
; status: The current status of a character; use only the following options: "'''Alive'''" (<span title="If character is undead, still present in some form even after death, or a non-sentient construct">"'''Active'''"</span> or <span title="Immortal character that is no longer active">"'''Inactive'''"</span>), "'''Deceased'''" (<span title="For bosses and minor mobs that can be killed">"'''Killable'''"</span> or <span title="If the character does not die during the fight">"'''Defeatable'''"</span>), <span title="If it is unclear what happened to them">"'''Unknown'''"</span> 
; relatives: spouses, siblings, parents, children, any other family members. Please put the relationship in parenthesis.
;mentors: If the character wields magic, then that person's teacher can be listed here.
;students: If the character had an apprentice, or students then those characters can be listed here.
;companions: Friends or group members.

<div style="clear:both; margin: 0; padding: 0"></div><includeonly>
[[Category:Infobox templates]]
[[Category:Templates modifying defaultlinks]]
</includeonly><noinclude>
[[Category:Template documentation]]
</noinclude>
